More collect information updating docs (#12856)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/concepts/flows.mdx

the `collect_information` step and fill the slot again. This ensures the confirmation
`collect_information` step is always asked.

#### Reset slot value after flow execution

You can determine whether to reset the slot value after the flow execution or not by setting the optional
`reset_after_flow_ends` property to `true` or `false` respectively. If the `reset_after_flow_ends` property is set to

> `True`, the slot value exists only for the duration of the flow. Once the flow ends, the slot value is either reset to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`true`, the slot value exists only for the duration of the flow. Once the flow ends, the slot value is either reset to
```

`null` or the slot's initial value (if provided in the domain file under `slots`). If instead the `reset_after_flow_ends`
property is set to `false`, this indicates that the slot value should persist across flows until it is explicitly changed.

The following configuration would clear the answer to the `collect_information` step when a
flow is completed.

```yaml
- id: "another_confirmation_step"
  collect_information: "my_custom_slot" # slot name

>   reset_after_flow_ends: true

Reviewer: product q: do we have the same option under `set_slots`?

Author: Seems not, I just checked the [initial implementation](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/4fbb0ea96162ee3bc33be5a0335840a433d1e614/rasa/shared/core/flows/flow.py#L1058) and no mention of this option for this step type. Also the [PRD ](https://www.notion.so/rasa/PRD-Flow-spec-Studio-034f6810b3254ed09fe4e3a2c6a4519c?pvs=4#0d6f14fc3de34b8a8081d1973eb44d02) hints at a setting that indicates whether to reset or not, but nothing explicit, so it might have been overlooked.

Reviewer: can you check this week to see if this is indeed needed or not?

Author: Yep, already sent a question on Slack to both PMs.

Author: [It's been decided ](https://rasa-hq.slack.com/archives/C047U7ZBKM1/p1695795629580879?thread_ts=1695632776.236379&cid=C047U7ZBKM1) that we won't make this property user facing for `set_slots`, but we will need to make sure that by default for now the slots from a `set_slots` step will be reset at the end of a flow. A new ticket was added to Atom board for next sprint, I can tackle any docs related updates as part of that.

```

> If the property is not defined for the `collect_information` step, the default value will be `true`.

Reviewer: I would put this at the top of this section, so that people can quickly read about the default behaviour. I actually missed this in my first read.

#### Define a different response for the `collect_information` step

By default, the assistant will ask the user to fill the slot with the `utter_ask_{slot_name}` response. You can define
a different response for the `collect_information` step by adding a `utter` property to the step. The `utter` property
is optional and represents the name of the [response](./responses.mdx) the assistant will ask the user. Make sure to
have this response included in the domain.

Here is an example:

> ```rasa-yaml title="flows.yml"

Reviewer: weirdly the syntax highlighting doesn't show in the generated docs 🤔

the `collect_information` step and fill the slot again. This ensures the confirmation
`collect_information` step is always asked.

#### Reset slot value after flow execution

> You can determine whether to reset the slot value after the flow execution or not by setting the optional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the behaviour reset the slot value after the flow completes by setting the optional
```

> `reset_after_flow_ends` property to `true` or `false` respectively. If the property is not defined for the
> `collect_information` step, the default value will be `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`reset_after_flow_ends` property to `true` or `false`. If the property is not defined for the
`collect_information` step, the default value will be `true`.
```

If the `reset_after_flow_ends` property is set to `true`, the slot value exists only for the duration of the flow.
Once the flow ends, the slot value is either reset to `null` or the slot's initial value (if provided in the domain

> file under `slots`). If instead the `reset_after_flow_ends` property is set to `false`, this indicates that the slot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
file under `slots`). If instead, the `reset_after_flow_ends` property is set to `false`, this indicates that the slot
```

value should persist across flows until it is explicitly changed.

The following configuration would clear the answer to the `collect_information` step when a
flow is completed.

```yaml
- id: "another_confirmation_step"
  collect_information: "my_custom_slot" # slot name
  reset_after_flow_ends: true
```

#### Define a different response for the `collect_information` step

By default, the assistant will ask the user to fill the slot with the `utter_ask_{slot_name}` response. You can define
a different response for the `collect_information` step by adding a `utter` property to the step. The `utter` property

> is optional and represents the name of the [response](./responses.mdx) the assistant will ask the user. Make sure to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is optional and represents the name of the [response](./responses.mdx) the assistant will use to collect the information from the user. Make sure to
```
